why you should create a podcast today
do you know what the least competitive
marketing channel is
the one that'll give you the most
attention for the least amount of
content that you'll have to create well
based on this title i'm pretty sure you
can guess it's podcasting if you already
haven't you need to create a podcast to
put it in perspective there are roughly
7.5 billion people in this world there
are roughly a billion blogs that's a
billion with the b that's roughly one
blog for every 7.5 people now with
podcasting according to earth web there
are roughly 2 million podcasts out there
that's roughly
one podcast for every 3
750 people in other words it isn't as
competitive and i know you're thinking
neil do people really listen to podcasts
sure blogs are really popular but people
read content well my podcast marketing
school gets roughly 1 million listens a
month technically a little bit more than
that
and if that doesn't convince you 51 of
americans are listening podcasts
according to podcast insights
and 37 percent of americans listen to
podcasts on a monthly basis if you're
going after an elder demographic great
according to neil shafer 25 of consumers
who are older than 55 years old listen
to podcasts on a monthly basis and
according to convince and convert the
average podcast listener spends 6 hours
and 39 minutes a week listening podcast
each and every single week so what are
you waiting for start a podcast i'm
telling you it's done wonders for my
business it can drive more revenue drive
sales a lot of lead a lot of brand
awareness heck we even a hosted event
called marketing school based off our
podcast years ago in person conference
and we filled up the room just by
marketing through our own podcast to our
listeners and the event was based in los
angeles and our readers or listeners
more so are based all over the world we
literally had over 300 people and at
that time we didn't even have a million
listeners so the point is start a
podcast now if you're going to create a
podcast you're probably wondering neil
how do i come up with all the topics
that i should be podcasting about well
here's a quick trick that i use think of
it this way if people are doing searches
on google that means they're interested
in that topic so if you take all the
popular searches whether they're three
word keywords or five word keywords or
all the popular questions people are
asking and if you integrate those topics
into your podcast and more so create
podcast episodes around those topics
you'll get way more listens so the quick
hack for this is you go to uberseas you
type in keywords or string your keywords
and under the keyword ideas section
it'll give you all the keywords that are
similar that people are searching some
of the keywords have your root keyword
in there like if you type in digital
marketing some of the keywords maybe
digital marketing agency or digital
marketing company but you also get
questions like how to do digital
marketing for a small business and if
you see any popular questions or topics
which uber says will show you create
podcast episodes on them and you'll
start getting a lot of listens because
that's what people are interested in the
last thing you want to do is create
episodes around topics that no one
really cares about so base it off of
searches because that will give you idea
of what's popular versus what people
probably don't want to listen to
if you need help with your marketing or
you need someone to help strategize and
figure out all right what channel should
i be going after that can produce a huge
return that aren't that competitive
check out my ad agency np digital if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i'm here to help thank you for watching
and if you enjoyed this like it share it
tell people about it have a wonderful
day